Feat(eos_designs): Generate CVP Tags (#2859)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/roles/cloudvision/README.md

          ansible_httpapi_port: 443
```

For a complete list of authentication options available with CloudVision Ansible collection, you can read the dedicated page on [arista.cvp collection](https://cvp.avd.sh/en/latest/docs/how-to/cvp-authentication/).

### Role variables

- **`cloudvision_node`**: The name of the host in the inventory for the CloudVision instance.

#### Getting Started

Below is an example of how to use role:

```yaml
- name: Apply CloudVision Tags
  hosts: DC1_FABRIC
  gather_facts: false
  tasks:
    - name: Apply Generated CloudVision Tags
      ansible.builtin.import_role:
          name: arista.avd.cloudvision
      vars:
        cloudvision_node: cv_server01
```

#### Ignore devices not provisioned in CloudVision

When you want to apply CloudVision tags to a complete topology and devices aren't already in CloudVision, you can configure inventory to ignore these devices by using a host variable: `is_deployed`.

- `is_deployed: true` or `is_deployed is not defined`: The tags for this device are applied on CloudVision
- `is_deployed: false`: Device is skipped.

Here is an overview with the key configured in the YAML inventory:

> ```yaml

Reviewer: I think we can make a more clear example here without ansible_port etc.

  DC1_BL1:
    hosts:
      DC1-BL1A:
        ansible_port: 8012
  DC1_BL2:
    hosts:
      DC1-BL2A:
        ansible_port: 8012
        # Device configuration is generated by AVD
        # Device is not configured on Cloudvision and no CloudVision tags are applied.
        is_deployed: false
```

### Outputs

- None.

### Tasks

> 1. Load the `structurd_config` and parse the CloudVision tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Load the `structured_config` created by `eos_designs` and parse the CloudVision tags.
```

> 2. Generate the CloudVision tags data structure.

Reviewer: Is this step still there?
